The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2019 SimpleNote

用户注册及使用APP隐私协议

在此特别提醒您（用户）在注册成为用户之前，请认真阅读本《用户协议》（以下简称“协议”），确保您充分理解本协议中各条款。请您审慎阅读并选择接受或不接受本协议。您的注册、登录、使用等行为将视为对本协议的接受，并同意接受本协议各项条款的约束。本协议约定简记（以下简称“简记”）与用户之间关于“简记”软件服务（以下简称“服务“）的权利义务。“用户”是指注册、登录、使用本服务的个人。本协议可由简记随时更新，更新后的协议条款一旦公布即代替原来的协议条款，恕不再另行通知，用户可在本APP中查阅最新版协议条款。在修改协议条款后，如果用户不接受修改后的条款，请立即停止使用简记提供的服务，用户继续使用服务将被视为接受修改后的协议。

一、账号注册
1、用户在使用本服务前需要注册一个“简记”账号。“简记”账号应当使用手机号码绑定注册，请用户使用尚未与“简记”账号绑定的手机号码，以及未被服务根据本协议封禁的手机号码注册“简记”账号。服务可以根据用户需求或产品需要对账号注册和绑定的方式进行变更，而无须事先通知用户。
2、“简记”系基于“iHTCboy“的APP产品，用户注册时应当授权简记及使用其个人信息方可成功注册“简记”账号。故用户完成注册即表明用户同意服务提取、公开及使用用户的信息。
3、鉴于“简记”账号的绑定注册方式，您同意服务在注册时将允许您的手机号码及手机设备识别码等信息用于注册。
4、在用户注册及使用本服务时，简记需要搜集能识别用户身份的个人信息以便服务可以在必要时联系用户，或为用户提供更好的使用体验。简记搜集的信息包括但不限于用户的姓名、地址；简记同意对这些信息的使用将受限于第三条用户个人隐私信息保护的约束。

二、用户个人隐私信息保护
1、如果简记发现或收到他人举报或投诉用户违反本协议约定的，简记有权不经通知随时对相关内容，包括但不限于用户资料、发贴记录进行审查、删除，并视情节轻重对违规账号处以包括但不限于警告、账号封禁 、设备封禁 、功能封禁 的处罚，且通知用户处理结果。
2、因违反用户协议被封禁的用户，可以自行与简记联系。其中，被实施功能封禁的用户会在封禁期届满后自动恢复被封禁功能。被封禁用户可提交申诉，简记将对申诉进行审查，并自行合理判断决定是否变更处罚措施。
3、用户理解并同意，简记有权依合理判断对违反有关法律法规或本协议规定的行为进行处罚，对违法违规的任何用户采取适当的法律行动，并依据法律法规保存有关信息向有关部门报告等，用户应承担由此而产生的一切法律责任。
4、用户理解并同意，因用户违反本协议约定，导致或产生的任何第三方主张的任何索赔、要求或损失，包括合理的律师费，用户应当赔偿简记与合作公司、关联公司，并使之免受损害。

三、用户发布内容规范
1、本条所述内容是指用户使用服务的过程中所制作、上载、复制、发布、传播的任何内容，包括但不限于账号头像、名称、用户说明等注册信息及认证资料，或文字、语音、图片、视频、图文等发送、回复或自动回复消息和相关链接页面，以及其他使用账号或本服务所产生的内容。
2、用户不得利用“简记”账号或本服务制作、上载、复制、发布、传播如下法律、法规和政策禁止的内容：
(1) 反对宪法所确定的基本原则的；
(2) 危害国家安全，泄露国家秘密，颠覆国家政权，破坏国家统一的；
(3) 损害国家荣誉和利益的；
(4) 煽动民族仇恨、民族歧视，破坏民族团结的；
(5) 破坏国家宗教政策，宣扬邪教和封建迷信的；
(6) 散布谣言，扰乱社会秩序，破坏社会稳定的；
(7) 散布淫秽、色情、赌博、暴力、凶杀、恐怖或者教唆犯罪的；
(8) 侮辱或者诽谤他人，侵害他人合法权益的；
(9) 含有法律、行政法规禁止的其他内容的信息。
3、用户不得利用“简记”账号或本服务制作、上载、复制、发布、传播如下干扰“服务”正常运营，以及侵犯其他用户或第三方合法权益的内容：
(1) 含有任何性或性暗示的；
(2) 含有辱骂、恐吓、威胁内容的；
(3) 含有骚扰、垃圾广告、恶意信息、诱骗信息的；
(4) 涉及他人隐私、个人信息或资料的；
(5) 侵害他人名誉权、肖像权、知识产权、商业秘密等合法权利的；
(6) 含有其他干扰本服务正常运营和侵犯其他用户或第三方合法权益内容的信息。

四、使用规则
1、用户在本服务中或通过本服务所传送、发布的任何内容并不反映或代表，也不得被视为反映或代表简记的观点、立场或政策，简记对此不承担任何责任。
2、用户不得利用“简记”账号或本服务进行如下行为：
(1) 提交、发布虚假信息，或盗用他人头像或资料，冒充、利用他人名义的；
(2) 强制、诱导其他用户关注、点击链接页面或分享信息的；
(3) 虚构事实、隐瞒真相以误导、欺骗他人的；
(4) 利用技术手段批量建立虚假账号的；
(5) 利用“简记”账号或本服务从事任何违法犯罪活动的；
(6) 制作、发布与以上行为相关的方法、工具，或对此类方法、工具进行运营或传播，无论这些行为是否为商业目的；
(7) 其他违反法律法规规定、侵犯其他用户合法权益、干扰“简记”正常运营或服务未明示授权的行为。
3、用户须对利用“简记”账号或本服务传送信息的真实性、合法性、无害性、准确性、有效性等全权负责，与用户所传播的信息相关的任何法律责任由用户自行承担，与简记无关。
如因此给简记或第三方造成损害的，用户应当依法予以赔偿。
4、简记提供的服务中可能包括广告，用户同意在使用过程中显示简记和第三方供应商、合作伙伴提供的广告。除法律法规明确规定外，用户应自行对依该广告信息进行的交易负责，
对用户因依该广告信息进行的交易或前述广告商提供的内容而遭受的损失或损害，简记不承担任何责任。

五、其他
1、简记郑重提醒用户注意本协议中免除简记责任和限制用户权利的条款，请用户仔细阅读，自主考虑风险。未成年人应在法定监护人的陪同下阅读本协议。
2、本协议的效力、解释及纠纷的解决，适用于中华人民共和国法律。若用户和简记之间发生任何纠纷或争议，首先应友好协商解决，协商不成的，用户同意将纠纷或争议提交简记住所地有管辖权的人民法院管辖。
3、本协议的任何条款无论因何种原因无效或不具可执行性，其余条款仍有效，对双方具有约束力。

本《协议》版权由简记所有，简记保留一切对本《协议》解释的权利。



User registration and use of APP privacy agreement

Please remind you (user) to read this User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”) carefully before registering as a user to ensure that you fully understand the terms of this Agreement. Please read carefully and choose to accept or not accept this agreement. Your registration, login, use, etc. will be deemed acceptance of this Agreement and you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement stipulates the rights and obligations of the “simply” software service (hereinafter referred to as “service”) between the user and the user. “User” means an individual who registers, logs in, or uses the Service. This Agreement may be updated from time to time by the Mind. The terms of the updated Agreement will be replaced by the original terms and conditions without prior notice. Users can check the terms of the latest version of this Agreement in this app. After modifying the terms of the agreement, if the user does not accept the revised terms, please stop using the services provided by the shorthand immediately, and the user's continued use of the service will be deemed to accept the modified agreement.

First, account registration
1. Users need to register a “simply” account before using this service. The “Simply” account should be registered using the mobile number binding. Please use the mobile number that has not been bound to the “Simply” account, and the “Notepad” account that is not blocked by the service according to the mobile number blocked by this agreement. The service can change the way the account is registered and bound according to the user's needs or product needs without prior notice to the user.
2, "Simply remember" is based on the "iHTCboy" APP product, users should be authorized to register and use their personal information to successfully register the "Jane" account. Therefore, when the user completes the registration, the user agrees to the service to extract, disclose and use the user's information.
3. In view of the binding registration method of the “Jane” account, you agree that the service will allow your mobile phone number and mobile phone device identification code to be used for registration when registering.
4. When the user registers and uses the service, it is necessary to collect personal information that can identify the user so that the service can contact the user when necessary or provide a better user experience. The information collected includes, but is not limited to, the user's name and address; the shorthand consent to the use of such information will be subject to the protection of the third user's personal privacy information.

Second, the user's personal privacy information protection
1. If you find in a short note or receive a report from another person or complain that the user violates this agreement, you are entitled to review and delete the relevant content, including but not limited to user data and posting records, at any time without notice, and depending on the circumstances. The penalty for the offending account is including but not limited to warning, account ban, device ban, and function ban, and the user is notified to process the result.
2. Users who have been banned for violating user agreements can contact the shorthand. Among them, the user who is blocked by the function will automatically resume the banned function after the expiration of the ban period. The banned user can submit an appeal, and the shorthand will review the appeal and make a reasonable judgment on whether to decide whether to change the penalty.
3. The user understands and agrees that, in short, he has the right to impose penalties on violations of relevant laws and regulations or the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with reasonable judgment, take appropriate legal action against any user who violates laws and regulations, and save relevant information to relevant departments in accordance with laws and regulations. Reports, etc., the user shall bear all legal liabilities arising therefrom.
4. The User understands and agrees that any claims, claims or losses claimed by any third party arising from or arising out of the User's breach of this Agreement, including reasonable attorneys' fees, shall be compensated by the User with the Company and the Company, and Protected from damage.

Third, the user publishes content specifications
1. The content referred to in this article refers to any content created, uploaded, copied, published, and disseminated during the process of using the service, including but not limited to registration information and authentication materials such as account avatar, name, user description, or text or voice. , pictures, videos, graphics, etc. Send, reply or auto-reply messages and related link pages, as well as other content generated using the account or the service.
2. Users may not use the “Jane” account or the Service to create, upload, copy, publish or disseminate content prohibited by the following laws, regulations and policies:
(1) against the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) Endangering national security, revealing state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;
(3) Damage to national honours and interests;
(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;
(5) Destroying the national religious policy and promoting cults and feudal superstitions;
(6) Spreading rumors, disrupting social order and undermining social stability;
(7) spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetment;
(8) insulting or slandering others and infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of others;
(9) Information containing other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
3. Users may not use the “Jane” account or the Service to create, upload, copy, publish or disseminate the following content that interferes with the normal operation of the Service and infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties:
(1) contains any sexual or sexual cues;
(2) Containing content that is insulting, intimidating, or threatening;
(3) Containing harassment, junk advertisements, malicious information, and scam information;
(4) involving the privacy, personal information or information of others;
(5) Infringement of the legal rights of other people's reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, etc.;
(6) Contains other information that interferes with the normal operation of the Service and infringes the content of the legitimate rights of other users or third parties.

Fourth, the use of rules
1. Any content transmitted or distributed by the User in or through the Service is not reflected or represented, nor is it deemed to reflect or represent a short-viewed opinion, position or policy, and is not responsible for it.
2. Users may not use the “simply” account or the service to perform the following actions:
(1) Submitting or publishing false information, or stealing other people's avatars or materials, impersonating or using the name of others;
(2) Enforce, induce other users to follow, click on the link page or share information;
(3) Fictional facts, concealing the truth to mislead or deceive others;
(4) Using a technical means to establish a false account in batches;
(5) Engage in any illegal or criminal activities by using the “simply” account number or the service;
(6) Produce or publish methods or tools related to the above acts, or operate or disseminate such methods or tools, whether or not they are for commercial purposes;
(7) Other violations of laws and regulations, infringement of the legitimate rights and interests of other users, interference with “simply remembering” normal operations or unauthorised authorization of services.
3. The user shall be solely responsible for the authenticity, legality, harmlessness, accuracy and validity of the information transmitted by the “simply” account or the service. Any legal liability related to the information transmitted by the user shall be the user's own responsibility. Bear, not related to shorthand.
If damage is caused to the shorthand or third party, the user shall compensate according to law.
4. The services provided by the shorthand may include advertisements, and the user agrees to display the shorthand and advertisements provided by third-party suppliers and partners during the use. Except as expressly provided by laws and regulations, users shall be responsible for the transactions conducted in accordance with the advertising information.
It is assumed that no liability is assumed for any loss or damage suffered by the user due to the transaction based on the advertisement information or the content provided by the aforementioned advertiser.

Five, other
1. A brief reminder to remind users to pay attention to the terms of this agreement exempt from short-term responsibility and restrictions on user rights, please read carefully and consider the risk. Minors should read this agreement accompanied by a legal guardian.
2. The validity, interpretation and settlement of disputes of this Agreement shall apply to the laws of the People's Republic of China. If there is any dispute or dispute between the user and the shorthand, first of all, it should be settled through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, the user agrees to submit the dispute or dispute to the people's court under the jurisdiction of the local jurisdiction.
3. Nothing in this Agreement shall be valid for any reason or for no reason, and the remaining provisions shall remain in force and shall be binding on both parties.

The copyright of this Agreement is kept by a shorthand, and the shorthand reserves all rights to the interpretation of this Agreement.

